the abbesses will be given a voice to reconcile
with josé torito rodríguez who would be at the gates of a title of
absolute world
by the world boxing association
Roquetas and with much desire
returns but really looking forward to Thursday's training
Alberto Fernández de Rosa
still like
three months approximately think first of the program
the fight is doomed
but they were not there anymore, he buried the gym
if I start doing that
it matters what matters what
already said gym photo
in navojoa sound plus bad preparation
Although it did not prosper
to 100%
and it was achieved by the beech
an experienced fighter
we won easy work we do something brought nothing to go fast and gagged
has this modification percent of d
the truth that he cited very motivated more than anything because these funds
Company data
which I'm looking forward to
1 7%
nicolás lapentti
but I will not achieve
the fight can do in the month of October
shortly before the end of the race
for the moment
also for the month of September we have our language
since yesterday
of eta or to prepare
marinela servitje
ureta and savings
efe face comes out to win
I feel very good the truth
the negotiations indicate that you can do the comparison was spoken first
if that was more at the moment is juan palaces
how to visualize your
to that boxer
when the crotu is fulfilled
many times we have returned serious
your new experience already has an owner
cfgc still several years old I am 21 years old and 71 has been a small champion
world
will not miss the water outside the fifa world championship
the minimum pacaya of the bridge or good I feel better poblana leader up to paris
reinforced until today circumvallation exposes that the best place there is
lose them you have to fight with the best and
and for this reason he says that the faithful can
and I'm going to tell him that I'm going to crown
vintage www
the transit by both bands
they were also according to
chocolatito gonzález who is
armed 1070
before whoever
Shoot hits just like me
and right now I am on my feet motivated and well prepared psychologically as
physically to fight anyone is chocolate or with palaces I think
that this year some and presenter of the channel program
in your message to the fans
thank you
I'm not going to fulfill dreams instead
so that the cleanest square
depending on world champion